# TWOWSimulator by anonymouse

This project aims to simulate [Ten Words of Wisdom](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S64R-_LVHuY) rounds as quickly and accurately as possible. It is written in C++ without external libraries.

Do not redistribute the executable or its source code without including this file. Source code is provided so that you may alter it as you wish, but if you choose to redistribute it, please credit anonymouse#1643 as the original owner.

## HOWTO:
There are only 3 steps to calculating TWOW win chances and/or simulating TWOWs.

### Step 1
Grab the .exe file from /Release/TWOWSimulator.exe. This step is pretty self explanitory, just click on the "release" folder on the main page of the repository, then click on TWOWSimulator.exe, then click download.

### Step 2

The second step is creating your data file. You should have a file named contestantdata.txt. This is the file in which to put the data concerning the contestants invloved in the simulation (obviously).

The three pieces of data the program needs about each contestant is their name, their average raw score, and the standard deviation of the set of their raw scores. The values must be formatted in a specific way for the program to parse them correctly. Here's how:

Name

Average raw score\*

Standard deviation of raw scores

Filler to separate entries

Or, as an example:

```
anonymouse
60.57
21.23
----------
```

You may add as many contestants as you want to the file. Make sure to keep track of the amount, though, as you will need to input it during step 3. **Make sure this file is in the same folder as the program.**

\*You can also use normalized/relative/standardized ranks for this. In my experience, raw scores make for more accurate reuslts.

### Step 3

The third step is to set the settings. If you download the settings.txt file, it will show you what to put where. Follow this guide for exactly what to put in each line of that file. For each setting, put a line containing whatever text you want (it will be discarded), then the value you want to set the setting to.

#### Type the current round number. 
This input should be an integer only. The program will not do what you want if it isn't. If you want to simulate starting at round 1, enter the number 1. If you want the simulation to start at round 4, type 4.

#### Type the number of contestants.
This will typically be the same amount of contestants as there are in contestantdata.txt. If you want to exclude contestants, put them at the bottom of the file and enter the number of contestants you want to include. Once again, integers only.

#### Type the number of simulations to perform.
If this number is 5 or less, the program will reveal results in more detail, showing the generated scores for each of the contestants. There is no guarantee these generated scores are technically possible in TWOW. This should also be an integer.

#### Type the ID of the twist to use.
The twists are explained in detail in the Twists section of this file. If you don't want a twist, enter 0.

#### Format for PS2?
Unless you're running Project Season 2, this option should always be 'n'. This option is explained in the Project Season 2 section.

Once you're done, your settings should look a bit like this:
```
Round #
1
Contestants
10
Simulations
100000
Twist
0
PS2
n
```

### Step 4
The final step is to run the .exe file.

If it gives you an error about missing .dll files, use the installer file provided that is appropriate for your system. (x86 or x64)

If there is another error, make sure that contestantdata.txt and settings.txt files are in the same directory as TWOWSimulator.exe.

If an error persists, contact me at anonymouse#1643 on Discord, or make an issue on GitHub.

If all goes as planned, you will see the results of your simulation in a terminal window. These results are also logged into a file called output.txt, which will appear in the same directory as TWOWSimulator.exe.

## Project Season 2
Project Season 2 is a bot that reads results from TWOWSimulator and outputs them to Discord. It is written in Python, and it depends on Discord.py and Pillow.

Project Season 2 is not meant to be hosted by anyone, but if you want to host it, the code is publicly available.

If you have the bot running, head into the same folder as the build and put the file you want to be read from in there. It should be named script.txt. The file must be generated by TWOWSimulator with the "format for PS2" option set to 'y' or 'l'. 'y' will send the results in pure text form, and 'l' generates leaderboards with Pillow.

## Twists
Not many twists are implemented so far, but more can be easily added and they are planned. So far, there are 2:

0 - **Standard TWOW** - A normal game of TWOW with the rules that the original show follows.

1 - **JPomz S3 Lives** - JPomz's version of lives used in Season 3 of his TWOW. You start off with 2 lives. Each round, the bottom 33% loses 1 life, and the bottom 17% loses 2 lives. You then gain points equal to your Normalized Rank divided by 2. If you surpass a multiple of 100 points, you gain a life. If you are out of lives, you lose. Last one standing wins.
